Create dedicated plugin UI (#1112)
puckeditor/puck: apps/docs/pages/docs/api-reference/data-model/app-state.mdx

---

### `ui.mobilePanelExpanded`

Indicates whether the mobile plugin panel is expanded when the [`mobilePanelHeight` parameter](/docs/api-reference/plugin#mobilepanelheight) is set to `"toggle"`. Users toggle this value via the maximize/minimize button that appears on smaller viewports.

---

### `ui.plugin`

| Param                         | Example    | Type   |
| ----------------------------- | ---------- | ------ |
| [`current`](#uiplugincurrent) | `"blocks"` | String |

#### `ui.plugin.current`

> The currently visible plugin. Matches the plugin [`name` parameter](/docs/api-reference/plugin#name).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The currently selected plugin in the plugin rail. Matches the plugin [`name` parameter](/docs/api-reference/plugin#name).
```
